Hotfix/aws quick start (#173)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/install-aws.md

Once your Astronomer Cluster has been created, an Astronomer team member will provide you with an [External ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html) that will allow Astronomer to connect to your AWS account. Save the External ID as a secret or in an otherwise secure format for use in the AWS CLI.

> For your first Cluster deployment, use the link below to create an [admin IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/getting-started_create-admin-group.html#getting-started_create-admin-group-console) for Astronomer in your new AWS account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, click the link below to create an [admin IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/getting-started_create-admin-group.html#getting-started_create-admin-group-console) for Astronomer in your new AWS account:
```
